res://World/Building/Tiles/Attached nodes
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/logs
res://Assets/Images/Animations/ore
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/fruit fall
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/spruce/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/pine/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/evergreen/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/pear/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/plum/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/apple/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/cherry/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/birch/stump
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/spruce
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/plum
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/pine
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/pear
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/evergreen
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/cherry
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/birch
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/apple
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/oak
res://Assets/Images/tree_sets/wood breaks/trees/oak/stump
